Privacy Policy
We do not share, sell or distribute any of your personal information with anyone, without asking for your consent first.

This Privacy Policy describes how PACDORA PTE. LTD. (“PACKIFY” “we” or “us”) respects personal information and your privacy. This policy may change, please check this page regularly. Please read the rest of the page carefully to understand what kind of information we are collecting and using.

By entering or otherwise using PACKIFY, emails, or other services provided by us on or through https://www.packify.ai/, you agree with and accept all the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy and accept the processing of your personal information according to our Privacy Policy.

So if you do not agree with our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy please leave this website and do not use any content and do not enter any personal information like email address, name, surname, or profile photo.

This policy covers all communications between you and PACKIFY. And may include data collected through or in connection with this website, emails, or other communication between you and PACKIFY. Subject to respective privacy policies of various social media platforms and other online service providers that we may use to market, offer or popularize our products and services, this Privacy Policy also covers our use and disclosure of your personal information, which we may collect through or in connection with such social media platforms and online service providers.

You may visit this website via other social platforms or websites. Note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the visitors who came to https://www.packify.ai/. Other link providers, affiliates, or other company websites which directed you to  https://www.packify.ai/ have their own policies and we do not have to read, understand or agree with other websites or social media platform policies. If you are on this website, only our policy is valid for you.

We cannot be held responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites even if:

you accessed the third-party website using links from our Website; or
you linked to our Website from a third-party website.
We do not collect or solicit personal data of persons under the age of majority. Whatever family-oriented products or services we may sell or service on PACKIFY, are intended to be purchased or used by adults.

By using our website and services, you are signifying that you have reached the age of majority in your jurisdiction.

If you are below 18 years old, please do not send your personal information to us like your email address, your name, or address.

Which Personal Information Do We Collect?

Personal information is the data that can be used to identify, contact a single person. Personal information may include your name, profile photo, email address, phone number, credit card information, your IP information.

If you want to use our website or service, we may ask your email address, profile photo, name, and country information. Before providing this information to us, please ensure that you have obtained the consent of all such third parties to their personal data being used according to this privacy policy.

Some personal information is only needed in limited circumstances like when you are paying with your credit card, registering a new account.

We collect your personal information in order to do;

Let you use our application
Let you purchase and download contents
Reply to your questions, asked by you
Help you with your problems
Improve our service and add more features
Offer you discounts, new content information
Keep you updated with new features, campaigns, new content
Send you information about orders, receipts, bills
Send you information about the license, policy updates
We also collect some non-personal information like browser version, occupation, language, postal code, location, time zone, activities on our website. There is no way for us to identify you via this non-personal information. If we combine any personal or non-personal information from you, we can use it as personal information without sending your notifications, emails.

We are also using some 3rd party services for tracking user behaviors and supporting our users. We may automatically collect non-personal information about you when you enter our website.

About Cookies and Other Technologies

PACKIFY's website and application may use “cookies” and other technologies. We use these technologies to collect personal or non-personal information about your browser, data cache locally. These technologies allow us to make your experience better such as making it faster, easier, and more efficient. We store some data on your local computer to make your next visit faster. You do not need to download or keep some files for every visit, we only keep needed data on your browser cache. We do not transfer viruses, spy applications, advertising-related content data consumers, or any other 3rd party data.

As is true of most websites, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. In addition to standard server tools, we may use third-party providers or others to collect and analyze such information. This information includes:

Internet Protocol (IP) addresses;
Search queries;
hardware settings;
browser type and language;
Internet service provider (ISP);
referring and exit pages;
operating system;
browser and device event information such as crashes and errors;
date/time stamp; and
click-stream data.
We use these data only to analyze your experience, behavior and gather demographic information about our user base. We may also collect device information like your browser version, hardware model, operating system. But we will treat this information as personal information.

We never sell or rent your personal or non-personal information to any other companies or persons. Your personal information is only saved on our database. With or without your permission we never use this information for any other different purposes.

We only share your information with our employees, agents, subsidiaries, and branches and use it under this Privacy Policy. We may share your personal information with our own companies or affiliate companies. But all this information is protected under our Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions with this Privacy Policy please feel free to ask any questions to us via email or live chat.

Our email: business@packify.ai

PACKIFY keeps all rights to change, modify this policy at any time. Please check this page regularly, also we can send you emails about updates about Policy and Terms.

Account & Data Deletion

We only keep your data to be able to serve you better. If you no longer want us to hold your data, you can contact us via email or live chat, and ask for the deletion of your account and all data associated with it. In which case, someone from our team will initiate the deletion of your data right after confirmation of your request. Account and data deletion is immediate and cannot be reversed. No fees are charged for the deletion of the account and data.